add note about AMD processors (#8870)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-system-guard/system-guard-secure-launch-and-smm-protection.md

|Modern/Connected Standby|Platforms must support Modern/Connected Standby.|
|Platform firmware|Platform firmware must carry all code required to perform a launch.|
|Platform firmware update|System firmware is recommended to be updated via UpdateCapsule in Windows Update. |

> [!NOTE]

> > For more details around AMD processors please check this [link](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2020/09/01/force-firmware-code-to-be-measured-and-attested-by-secure-launch-on-windows-10/)

Reviewer: Suggestion for a link description corresponding to the linked page:
```suggestion
> For more details around AMD processors, please read this Microsoft Security blog post: [Force firmware code to be measured and attested by Secure Launch on Windows 10](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2020/09/01/force-firmware-code-to-be-measured-and-attested-by-secure-launch-on-windows-10/).
```
(JohanFreelancer9 might have an even more nuanced suggestion, not sure.)
